The Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering of
Innopolis University targets professionals who can make a difference in our institution,
making ground-breaking research, teaching effectively a very talented student body,
attracting research funds, and entertaining a worldwide network of colleagues. With this
position, suitable support is provided by the university to publish papers, attend
conferences, and supervise BS, MS and PhD students.

Specifically, we are looking for candidates whose research/teaching interests and
expertise are in one of the following fields:
DATA SCIENCE:
1. Designing, Creating and Managing large volumes of data
2. Identifications of Pattern in the Data
3. Visualization Tools
4. Creating Mathematical Models
AI (Knowledge):
1. Expert Systems
2. Fuzzy Logic
3. Evolutionary Computation
4. Reinforcement Learning
5. Theory of Machine Learning and Neural Nets
AI (Fields):
1. Natural Language Processing
2. Speech
3. Vision
4. Healthcare
5. Finance

Responsibility will include up to 120 academic hours (an academic hour is equal to
45 minutes) of frontal teaching theory+practice rich courses typically distributed in 4
courses per year, leading high quality research, advising and mentoring students,
contributing to community services and other activities related to developing and
maintaining the intellectual and cultural environment of the University. Typical
workload distribution: teaching - 40%, research - 40%, service - 20%.

The initial appointment is 3-years with expectation for renewal with benefits,
including the low taxation level of Russia (max.15%), 56 days of annually paid
vacations, paid health care coverage, relocation, housing allowance,
school/kindergarten.


Candidates should submit the minimum application pack via the form at the foot of
this webpage: cover letter, CV (with Scopus and Google Scholar profiles links, links for
the videos of public talks or lectures, if any), research statement and teaching
statement, scans of BS, MS, PhD, Habilitation certificates along with the transcripts.
Additionally, three referees should send a recommendation letter via the same form.

For any clarification, please feel free to write to faculty@innopolis.ru.



Assistant Professor

The Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering of Innopolis University invites
highly promising Assistant Professors who have recently graduated or are close to
graduation (completion expected in Spring 2023) and who can teach in English (the
language of instruction).

Most welcome are holders of a PhD degree in one of the above mentioned fields of
expertise, with depth of expertise at least in one of the above mentioned areas,
experience of being a Teaching Assistant, strong record of published papers in flagship
journals or conferences, practical and presentations skills.

Candidates should submit the minimum application pack via the form at the foot of
this webpage: cover letter, CV (with Scopus and Google Scholar profiles links, links for
the videos of public talks or lectures, if any), research statement and teaching
statement, scans of BS, MS, PhD, Habilitation certificates along with the transcripts.
Additionally, three referees should send a recommendation letter via the same form.

For any clarification, please feel free to write to faculty@innopolis.ru.

Associate Professor

The Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering of Innopolis University invites
high-caliber Associate Professors and who can teach in English (the language of
instruction).

Required are PhD degree holders in one of the above mentioned fields of expertise,
with 2+ years of Assistant Professorship, record of published papers in A* conferences.

Candidates should submit the minimum application pack via the form at the foot of
this webpage: cover letter, CV (with Scopus and Google Scholar profiles links, links for
the videos of public talks or lectures, if any), research statement and teaching
statement, scans of BS, MS, PhD, Habilitation certificates along with the transcripts.
Additionally, three referees should send a recommendation letter via the same form.
For any clarification, please feel free to write to faculty@innopolis.ru.
Teaching Assistant in Computer Science/ Games SpecialtyInnopolis University is opening a new educational Master’s program in Game Development that include interdisciplinary courses; therefore, we are looking for teaching assistants having a degree and/or experience in domains such as Computer Science, Game Design and Development, History, Design, Art, Business, Society, and Sustainability. The language of instruction is English. We are looking for applicants who can work well with students (from different backgrounds) and who will give students the tools they need to understand the potential and social impact of games.
Responsibility will include designing and running labs providing a practical review on the concepts taught during the lectures; designing project-based exercises according to the needs of the course and the students; incorporating various elements in teaching such as project-based learning, active discussions, role play, cases, etc.; designing metrics to evaluate the progress of students and grade students’ progress.
Successful candidates are expected to have the following qualifications: Technical or humanitarian background, i.e., Bachelor’s degree related to Computer Science, Game Design and Development, History, Design, Art, Business, Society and Sustainability; excellent command of Computer Science/ Game Design and Development area; English language proficiency; teaching experience; and interest in educating the young generation.
Candidates should submit the following application pack via the form at the foot of this webpage: a cover letter, a CV (add your research profile links, links for the videos of public talks or lectures, if any), projects portfolio (desirable), a teaching statement,  a research statement (if possible), a short (max. 3 minutes) self-presentation video about your motivation to apply for this position (mandatory), scans of BS/MS certificates along with the transcripts.
Candidates must clearly indicate in the cover letter and application, which of the following courses they are interested in applying for: Game Development, Introduction to Game design, Interactive Narrative, Artificial Intelligence and Reinforcement Learning in Games, Procedural Content Generation, Augmented reality, Virtual reality, Gamification, Business of Games.
If you are interested in applying for a course in addition to the courses listed above, please state the title of the course(s).
For any clarification, please feel free to write to faculty@innopolis.ru